Added link to ServiceControl Management PowerShell module guidance (#5703)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/installation.md

 - servicecontrol/multi-transport-support
---

> NOTE: Scripted installments and upgrades can be done via the [ServiceControl Management PowerShell module](https://docs.particular.net/servicecontrol/installation-powershell).

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Scripted installments and upgrades can be done via the [ServiceControl Management PowerShell module](installation-powershell.md).
```
